Hyperlint Automation: Meta Description Fixes (#20344)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/dns/dns-firewall/random-prefix-attacks/about.mdx

  - tag: title
    content: About random prefix attacks - DNS Firewall

> description: Learn about random prefix attacks in DNS, where traffic targets unlikely subdomains, challenging to mitigate due to public resolvers. Discover mitigation strategies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn about random prefix attacks. As part of DNS Firewall, Cloudflare can protect your upstream authoritative nameservers from these attacks.
```
